I got it hemmed - mad methods to microphone mechanism from inner city
curriculm to cuttin edge for headz like circumcisions in yah mental
zone I'm sly-er than Stallone basic instincts like Sharon Stone
pockets Puffy-er than Combs caliber narrated rate supreme elevation,
fly-er than aviation plus freaky as domonatrix, dramatics are
manifested, thought spreadin like infection at pinnacle of perfection
brain runs on fuel injection, cyphers are intercepted like plays by
quarter backs bare witness to the fitness I be layin on the wax.....

Compositions be causin calamities rapidly, what mc would dare take a
stab at three vocabulary mastery presented retention extended through
iller style invented brain cells excel like v6 engines when I be
enterin' - grammatical vortexes twistin' like rolodexes context is
randomly selected ran like red lights by eager paramedics majestic
verbal fragments tagged dah graphics dat wreck more havoc on niggaz
cabbages den semi automatic, plus automated but never faded datum kick
in verbatim related to hip-hop....

In stereo phonic or mono my lingo tingle topics revolves around
science of optics and poses as nuances scripture glitters like
diamonds or sparkle like magnesium -premium equates da medium that
blows me up like helium histionics provided pumped up more Jam than
technotronix prime and mo' toxic than hydrocarbon in dioxin rupture
rhythms with quartz deletin jumble diction I rips it in repetition
like salots in Hinduism - It's like dat...