(First verse)

Salutes 2 action be tha latest enter-ree 4 illadel colonies da get da
cream like cherry jubalee - my steeze put cha at ease like
methamphetamines or like Tony Shakks "fan-na-cees" about his wallabess
slice fit-een yo meen Big East be comin' through ghetto magic plusa da
bullies back it what me now Buddah Blessed 4 I and I provide da
Greatest Natur-role pure as life that exit from Nah gent-ta-tillc
styles interna-sha-nile likde direct connects to internet verbal text
blossum like chia pets per-fect wit da mic devices Bahama-dee be tha'
nices bringin' nix rap thing 2 the light like osyrus - 4 tha' 9 pound
ex-ced-da-ra-saaloom 2 GangStarr and my nigga K-Sarrah

(Second verse)

Ha yo, I'm doing this for the cruuz claimin' that there better I'm
tickled, ya must be like Sanford on the ripple little by little, I
kick verses from the middle of my brain, the Riddler couldn't fuck wit
Kannon Riddles I remain the undisputed you should of known if you knew
it, Montell couldn't tell you how we do it and few get the chance to
even so the Kannon Dance wit da Kannon Band shit be slammin more than
Larry Nance and plus it's in me to give you more like Demi, I do easy
leave aardway to penny, as I display skillz for what it's worth sent
to this earth to stop the curse of wake lic's upon my turf, this is
the end like Armagedin your settin a bad example niggaz still using my
samples times ample ha yo swyft never said she was the baddest but I
kept it real, you niggaz frontin talkin bout you packin steel your
sportin a first all up in rectum by the central kid's sitting all up
in the bullie section

(Third verse)

Do you remember those you chase to forget back when ya ears was wet
and now ya preachin' ya releasin' mini-tec I need a mic check because
da static come sparatic emcee's be hooked like addicts while
casualties stay tragic there ain't no glamour in that story all guts
no glory entrenced in jealousy just like the suckers who abhor me they
tell but they don't know the core, so raw is now my reference like
Mumia there is no evidence to say that I'm more tha I am undbending
neve revending similar to million men me say "Just-us" you say me bust
bust mental stagnation like the cancer patients eatin' cow fuss as the
minds rust from dawn to dusk I rest in Mecca the words sound power as
in energy see Heka to die because ya black simply be no cause at all
surreality just like the lengends of the fall initial looks of the
shook hearted kids who shouldn't started lyrics leave like spirits and
and the waters Moses parted Do or Die's ya slogan but niggaz slip with
Trojans major mental corrosion like Murray's meat unfrozen I am the
chosen Earth Sun Moon and Stars hard for me to find a top contender
just to spar some peep the exterior and believe inferior next ya know
they callin for a sound bwoy burial D&D Studio B wicked catch wreck
for infinity one love peace to Bahamadia

(Last verse)

Like Salt & Pepa, I take it to the next platoe niggaz scream nay what
dis Brown Sugar like D'Angelo I make it better fo' fantanics fienin
for da Buttaz Boo like 25 to lifers do from lack of gettin' douce
u-oou, I put my little thing in action smoother, than sat-tin or
special Ed when he was taxin' headz relax and play tha' back when I
spill I regulate a flow like chicks on birth control pills-ill anitics
keep it movin' on bouncin' like nylon from illadel 2 Lebanon - (no doubt)