Two brothers from the south of Sweden came to 
stay with me. One of them would have gotten my 
virginity but he didn't know that back then, did 
he! He didn't know that back then. 

He went a bit rough on my poetry, said: there's 
no chance in hell this will ever grow to be 
anything. He said: I mostly like Dylan myself. I 
said: Shocking! Well. Then he said something 
else, I didn't understand. Because he came from 
the south of Sweden, he spoke just like a Dane. 

You should have seen these brothers! Freckles 
all over their pale bodies. And when they spoke, 
they made you feel like summer just broke 
through though it was fall. They made it obvi- 
ous I was too young, not interesting at all. 

I always wanted to go to their hometown and 
knock on their door. And say something inter- 
esting and revolting that they'd never heard 
before to make them change their minds, after 
all this time: Look! There was some cool in me, 
you know! They probably still won't think so. 

And I'm in Lund again, and nothing's fixed that 
ever was broken. And I'm in Lund again, and I 
still don't get things right. And I'm in Lund 
again, and maybe they have grown up and 
maybe they are here because there's a glow of 
spring in the hall tonight.